are you looking for a fire-breathing
beast of a convertible that'll do on
command burnouts and send nearby
pedestrians running for cover with its
exhaust note well sorry got today this
is the new BMW 650i convertible and it's
all about comfort and sophistication
this is one seriously classy drop top in
the detail and elegant body didn't give
that away plenty of things on board will
the door seal themselves front seats are
heated chilled and massaging there are
heaps of leather held together with
miles of contrasting stitching and
heated steering wheel a cabin air
filtration system and even a carbonate
glove box it's also super advanced in
high tech the tests are got advanced
parking guidance a lane departure
warning alarm various comfort in sports
settings for the chassis and drivetrain
and even a thermal-imaging night vision
system to help you see up the road in
the dark it might even keep you from
running over Bigfoot the roof takes a
hike in a matter of seconds out the
touch of a button and operates in both
directions at up to 40 km/h don't miss
the Batman there's a pop-up halfway
through the process either top-down
turbulence and wind noise in the front
row of seating has kept surprisingly low
until well over the speed limit you know
how to conversation without raising
one's voice too much even at higher than
recommended speeds backseat noise and
turbulence is more generous and me room
is not for adults anyhow this is far
from the markets easiest back seat to
enter exit but it is fairly comfortable
once you're on board if you're small top
up wind noise levels are on par with
your average sports coat it's not quite
as quiet as a hardtop luxury coupe but
it doesn't sound like a giant tent
driving down the highway either but I
Negro the tester felt solid heavy and
bolted down while transmitting minimal
road noise to the cabin on most services
you sit low within the wide and spacious
cabin with a seating position like the
proper sports car but front seat room is
closer to that of a luxury sedan alright
so two problems with convertibles one's
the visibility with the roof down you
got infinite header when you can see out
everywhere around you easily but with
the roof up on this 650 it is kind of
hard and backing up can be a bit of a
chore the second problem with
convertibles ask anyone who owns a soft
top and they'll tell you birds only poop
on red convertibles yes
the stinkin angry nasty vicious pigs oh
come on oh man I I just washed it on the
trunk really oh that's nasty what geez I
thought that kind of bird is extinct of
course if you see a flock of seagulls of
diarrhea flying new direction you can
always outrun them power comes BMW's 4.4
liter twin-turbo v8 mounted up front
which drives the rear wheels an 8-speed
automatic transmission with paddle shift
this transmission is the smoothest and
slickest i've ever used period and it
shifts at lightning speeds and what
totally imperceptibly smoothness even
for downshifts at send a tachometer
towards the red light output 400
horsepower power delivery is more than
generous the exhaust burbles and pop
stirring gear shifts if you're listening
Ford and the entire experience of this
car opened up as liquidsmooth quietly
aggressive interfering very quick
features like four-wheel steering and
active motorized sway bars help to
enhance agility and can make the 650i
feel smaller and easier to drive this
car is not a corner carving weapon first
and foremost
comfortable and heavy the 650i is
willing to play ball if you toss it
around but it doesn't constantly
encourage you to explore its limits so
how much the tests were carried a list
of options worth as much as a nice honda
but the bottom line is that you're
presently looking at just over one
hundred twenty-nine thousand dollars
with cutting-edge german luxury
performance and engineering advancements
alright so it is very well equipped
actually surprisingly fuel-efficient and
extremely extremely comfortable but the
650 isn't exactly what you'd call
aggressive and although 400 horsepower
is a lot you can do better for the money
now there aren't some competitors that
come to mind and my favorite one is this
this British watch walk it has less
high-tech goodies and a more old-school
engine but in a similar pricing ballpark
to the 650 that does offer up killer
looks and 510 snorting supercharged
horsepower to the 650 is 400 quiet bones
and a day the 650i is a must drive if
you're looking to invest your
hard-earned hundred plus grand on a
convertible at prioritizes comfort
technology luxury and performance you
might not a drop a couple bucks more a
car cover to just say thanks for
you